Welcome to the gitolite wiki!

Gitolite allows you to host Git repositories easily and securely.

Gitolite was inspired by a much older but currently no longer actively maintained program called "gitosis".  However, over the past year or so of its existence, it has acquired many powerful features, based on user feedback.

There is **lots of documentation** available, both online and within the source tree.  The online documentation is actually served up by github.com, directly from the source code, so you'll see a lot of github-related links when you read the documents online.  Don't let that worry you.

bq. Actually, github is so cool that you may as well learn about github too so perhaps that's not such a bad thing ;-)

I suggest the following reading order if you are new:

* first, the "README":http://github.com/sitaramc/gitolite/blob/master/README.mkd
* next, the "INSTALL":http://github.com/sitaramc/gitolite/blob/master/doc/0-INSTALL.mkd document
* and finally the "ADMIN":http://github.com/sitaramc/gitolite/blob/master/doc/2-admin.mkd document

If you're migrating from gitosis, there's a "migration guide":http://github.com/sitaramc/gitolite/blob/master/doc/1-migrate.mkd that may help.

Of course that's just the starting point.  Once you've installed it and started using it, you'll want to explore some of the more powerful features.  All the documentation is available online "here":http://github.com/sitaramc/gitolite/blob/pu/doc.  All the longer documents have tables of contents, so you can quickly get a feel for what is covered right at the top.

----

If you need anything, let me know either on irc (#git on freenode -- but be aware I live in UTC+0530) or via email:

  * to sitaramc@gmail.com if it's a minor issue you don't want to bother others with (although I might choose to add the group in my reply if I think others will benefit)
  * to gitolite@googlegroups.com directly.

You don't have to subscribe, but if you wish to, I think sending an email to gitolite+subscribe@googlegroups.com will add you.

----

(Much as I love github the issues/messaging interface sucks; except for keeping track of "closed" versus "open" it adds no value, and even if it did have the dozens of fields that bugzilla-type systems have, gitolite is too small a project for that sort of complexity.)