# Welcome to the gitolite wiki!!

**Gitolite allows you to host Git repositories easily and securely.**

Please start reading [here](https://github.com/sitaramc/gitolite#readme) to learn about gitolite.

----

Sections in this wiki:

*   contacting me (TLDR: click [here][contact])
*   GPG key
*   donations / third-party donation sites (TLDR: I don't want anything, but I
    have some suggestions for deserving FOSS projects you can donate to
    instead!)

----

## contacting me

Click [here][contact] for information about contacting me, the mailing list,
and IRC channel.  **In general, everything should go to the mailing list**.
The only **exception** is if you're reporting what you think is a security
issue, in which case please email me (sitaramc@gmail.com) directly.

**Github**: Please **DO NOT** send me messages via github's "issues" system,
github comments on commits, github pull requests, etc.  I don't check github
more than about once in a few months, and I don't like the pseudo-email
interface; it is not an adequate substitute for email.  The only guaranteed
way to contact me is as given in the previous paragraph.

**IRC**: IRC is fine if you're willing to stick around till someone responds.
Even then, if the question is likely to affect others or has long term
"searchable" value, I may ask you to post to the mailing list.

**Patches** : Please send me patches **via email**, not as github pull
requests.  Again, if you think it's a security issue, send it directly to my
gmail address, but otherwise please send  it to the mailing list, so others
can see it and comment on it.

The preferred format is the files created by git-format-patch, as attachments.
However, if your repo has a public clone URL, you can make a new branch just
for this fix, and send the repo URL and branch name to the mailing list.

----

## GPG key

My gpg key (should be available at least from pgp.mit.edu keyserver, probably most others as well):

    pub   4096R/088237A5 2011-10-25
          Key fingerprint = 560A DA64 7542 816F 412E  5891 A442 9085 0882 37A5
    uid                  Sitaram Chamarty (work email) <sitaram@atc.tcs.com>
    uid                  Sitaram Chamarty <sitaramc@gmail.com>
    sub   4096R/8AC76EFB 2011-10-25

----

## donations / third-party donation sites

**IMPORTANT**: I do not support/endorse any third party donation sites, and
you cannot donate to me that way.  If you really want to contribute, please
read below

*Disclaimer: this is my personal opinion and does not necessarily reflect that
of my employer.  The disclaimer applies especially strongly to para 3 below*.

I've had people ask me how they can donate to gitolite.  The first part of the
answer is that there is no need.  I work for TCS, which is a large IT services
firm, and they support my efforts in this and always have.

The second part of the answer is that if you feel the need to donate, please
donate to either the [VIM project](http://www.vim.org/sponsor/index.php) or
the [Perl Foundation](http://donate.perlfoundation.org/), both of which I
consider indispensable to my work.

I have been using open source since 1995, both personally and at work, and
until now have never actually given back in any significant way other than
evangelism.  Thus the third part of the answer is that you can actually donate
to *any* FOSS project whose primary target OS is a free OS (i.e., projects
whose primary target is Windows or Mac or indeed any proprietary OS, don't
qualify) that you think makes a big difference in your life, and, I will
consider myself thanked adequately :-)

Finally, please note that I do not support/endorse any third party donation
sites.  Even if they are completely honest and above board (which is actually
very hard to determine, IMO), no one has permission to do that on my behalf or
in the name of gitolite.  If you come across any site that purports to do so,
please let me know.  At the very least there are potential trademark issues,
and I believe I have an implicit obligation to deal with them.

----

 NOTE: GIT is a trademark of Software Freedom Conservancy and my use of "Gitolite" is under license. 

----

[contact]: http://sitaramc.github.com/gitolite/index.html#contact

<!--
vim:ft=markdown:
-->

